README.md, before:

# LumiaTech Innovations ⓒ ２０２４

## Git and GitHub Tutorial

---
## Software Engineers Introduction

- [I Made Adhika Dananjaya](https://github.com/kingofaris) `[Assitant - DAY]`

> Let's study together!  
> Project Link: [Dummy Test - Weekly Report](https://github.com/kingofaris/weekly-report)

- [Immanuel Eben Haezer Joseph Aletheia](https://github.com/kingofaris) `[Assitant - NUE]`

> Let's study together, part 2!  
> Project Link: [My Portfolio](https://eintswavex.github.io)

---

### ーー Assessments ーー

Here, you can insert your repository to your own GitHub account, or you can push them in here. The choice is yours to decide!

#### 「１」

- [Muhammad Gazali](https://github.com/xagafax) `[Member To Be Software Engineers]`

> [This GUI-based application, developed with PyQt6, simplifies access to websites and installed programs. Users can enter a website URL and open it directly in their default browser with a single click]  
> Project Link: [Clicky](https://github.com/xagafax/belajar)

#### 「２」

- [Muhammad Raditya Dwi Putra](https://github.com/petorikooru) `[Member To Be Software Engineers]`

> [Welcome to Video to Image Converter (such a generic name i know). With this program, you can convert a video to frames as many as you like! No more screenshot spamming the video!]  
> Project Link: [v2i_converter](https://github.com/petorikooru/v2i_converter)

#### 「３」

- [Juan Pratama Harianja]([https://www.google.com](https://github.com/juuneverseen)) `[Member To Be Software Engineers]`

> [This program is a Video to Image Converter built using PyQt6 and OpenCV. It allows users to select a video file (in formats like MP4, AVI, or MOV), and the program will convert the video into individual frames (images). These images are saved as PNG files, one for each frame at regular intervals.]  
> Project Link: [Video to Image Converter](https://github.com/juuneverseen/My_Project/tree/main/Tugas_Bonus)

> [This program is a GUI-based application developed using PyQt6, which allows users to easily open various applications and websites. Users can enter a website URL and click a button to open it in the default browser. Additionally, this application provides direct access to other applications installed on the computer, such as File Explorer, Microsoft Word, Canva, and Arduino IDE. This program is especially useful for users who frequently switch between different applications and websites without having to open each application individually.]
> Project Link: [Web Browser with Access to Multiple Applications](https://github.com/juuneverseen/My_Project/tree/main/Tugas_Normal)

#### 「４」

- [Full Name](https://www.google.com) `[Member To Be...]`

> [DESCRIPTION]  
> Project Link: [Project Title](https://www.google.com)

#### 「５」

- [Full Name](https://www.google.com) `[Member To Be...]`

> [DESCRIPTION]  
> Project Link: [Project Title](https://www.google.com)

#### 「６」

- [Full Name](https://www.google.com) `[Member To Be...]`

> [DESCRIPTION]  
> Project Link: [Project Title](https://www.google.com)

#### 「７」

- [Full Name](https://www.google.com) `[Member To Be...]`

> [DESCRIPTION]  
> Project Link: [Project Title](https://www.google.com)

#### 「８」

- [Full Name](https://www.google.com) `[Member To Be...]`

> [DESCRIPTION]  
> Project Link: [Project Title](https://www.google.com)

#### 「９」

- [Full Name](https://www.google.com) `[Member To Be...]`

> [DESCRIPTION]  
> Project Link: [Project Title](https://www.google.com)

#### 「１０」

- [Full Name](https://www.google.com) `[Member To Be...]`

> [DESCRIPTION]  
> Project Link: [Project Title](https://www.google.com)

#### 「１１」

- [Full Name](https://www.google.com) `[Member To Be...]`

> [DESCRIPTION]  
> Project Link: [Project Title](https://www.google.com)

#### 「１２」

- [Full Name](https://www.google.com) `[Member To Be...]`

> [DESCRIPTION]  
> Project Link: [Project Title](https://www.google.com)

#### 「１３」

- [Full Name](https://www.google.com) `[Member To Be...]`

> [DESCRIPTION]  
> Project Link: [Project Title](https://www.google.com)

#### 「１４」

- [Full Name](https://www.google.com) `[Member To Be...]`

> [DESCRIPTION]  
> Project Link: [Project Title](https://www.google.com)

#### 「１５」

- [Full Name](https://www.google.com) `[Member To Be...]`

> [DESCRIPTION]  
> Project Link: [Project Title](https://www.google.com)

---

Copyright ⓒ LumiaTech Innovations, 2024.

Commit message:

Add  Lintang Yoga Wistara
again, pretty much avoid conflicting changes

README.md, after:

# LumiaTech Innovations ⓒ ２０２４

## Git and GitHub Tutorial

---
## Software Engineers Introduction

- [I Made Adhika Dananjaya](https://github.com/kingofaris) `[Assitant - DAY]`

> Let's study together!  
> Project Link: [Dummy Test - Weekly Report](https://github.com/kingofaris/weekly-report)

- [Immanuel Eben Haezer Joseph Aletheia](https://github.com/kingofaris) `[Assitant - NUE]`

> Let's study together, part 2!  
> Project Link: [My Portfolio](https://eintswavex.github.io)

---

### ーー Assessments ーー

Here, you can insert your repository to your own GitHub account, or you can push them in here. The choice is yours to decide!

#### 「１」

- [Muhammad Gazali](https://github.com/xagafax) `[Member To Be Software Engineers]`

> [This GUI-based application, developed with PyQt6, simplifies access to websites and installed programs. Users can enter a website URL and open it directly in their default browser with a single click]  
> Project Link: [Clicky](https://github.com/xagafax/belajar)

#### 「２」

- [Muhammad Raditya Dwi Putra](https://github.com/petorikooru) `[Member To Be Software Engineers]`

> [Welcome to Video to Image Converter (such a generic name i know). With this program, you can convert a video to frames as many as you like! No more screenshot spamming the video!]  
> Project Link: [v2i_converter](https://github.com/petorikooru/v2i_converter)

#### 「３」

- [Juan Pratama Harianja](https://github.com/juuneverseen) `[Member To Be Software Engineers]`

> [This program is a Video to Image Converter built using PyQt6 and OpenCV. It allows users to select a video file (in formats like MP4, AVI, or MOV), and the program will convert the video into individual frames (images). These images are saved as PNG files, one for each frame at regular intervals.]  
> Project Link: [Video to Image Converter](https://github.com/juuneverseen/My_Project/tree/main/Tugas_Bonus)

> [This program is a GUI-based application developed using PyQt6, which allows users to easily open various applications and websites. Users can enter a website URL and click a button to open it in the default browser. Additionally, this application provides direct access to other applications installed on the computer, such as File Explorer, Microsoft Word, Canva, and Arduino IDE. This program is especially useful for users who frequently switch between different applications and websites without having to open each application individually.]
> Project Link: [Web Browser with Access to Multiple Applications](https://github.com/juuneverseen/My_Project/tree/main/Tugas_Normal)

#### 「４」

- [Lintang Yoga Wistara](https://github.com/linseayw) `[Member To Be Software Engineers]`
> MY INTERNSHIP PROJECT LTI  
> Project Link: [Video to Image Converter](https://github.com/linseayw/testLTI/tree/c514985472c1eb429427dd7e2684d28e43b04c53/Video%20to%20Image%20Converter)  
> Project Link[Color image to black and white image converter](https://github.com/linseayw/testLTI/tree/b062fd9f08e483deb16c8d42358c1c3835fbdd87/Video%20to%20Image%20Converter)

#### 「４」

#### 「５」

- [Full Name](https://www.google.com) `[Member To Be...]`

> [DESCRIPTION]  
> Project Link: [Project Title](https://www.google.com)

#### 「６」

- [Full Name](https://www.google.com) `[Member To Be...]`

> [DESCRIPTION]  
> Project Link: [Project Title](https://www.google.com)

#### 「７」

- [Full Name](https://www.google.com) `[Member To Be...]`

> [DESCRIPTION]  
> Project Link: [Project Title](https://www.google.com)

#### 「８」

- [Full Name](https://www.google.com) `[Member To Be...]`

> [DESCRIPTION]  
> Project Link: [Project Title](https://www.google.com)

#### 「９」

- [Full Name](https://www.google.com) `[Member To Be...]`

> [DESCRIPTION]  
> Project Link: [Project Title](https://www.google.com)

#### 「１０」

- [Full Name](https://www.google.com) `[Member To Be...]`

> [DESCRIPTION]  
> Project Link: [Project Title](https://www.google.com)

#### 「１１」

- [Full Name](https://www.google.com) `[Member To Be...]`

> [DESCRIPTION]  
> Project Link: [Project Title](https://www.google.com)

#### 「１２」

- [Full Name](https://www.google.com) `[Member To Be...]`

> [DESCRIPTION]  
> Project Link: [Project Title](https://www.google.com)

#### 「１３」

- [Full Name](https://www.google.com) `[Member To Be...]`

> [DESCRIPTION]  
> Project Link: [Project Title](https://www.google.com)

#### 「１４」

- [Full Name](https://www.google.com) `[Member To Be...]`

> [DESCRIPTION]  
> Project Link: [Project Title](https://www.google.com)

#### 「１５」

- [Full Name](https://www.google.com) `[Member To Be...]`

> [DESCRIPTION]  
> Project Link: [Project Title](https://www.google.com)

---

Copyright ⓒ LumiaTech Innovations, 2024.
